Add: more border colorspaces (#504)
YaLTeR/niri: wiki/Configuration:-Layout.md

        active-color "#ffc87f"
        inactive-color "#505050"
        // active-gradient from="#ffbb66" to="#ffc880" angle=45 relative-to="workspace-view"

>         // inactive-gradient from="#505050" to="#808080" angle=45 relative-to="workspace-view" gradient-type="linear"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // inactive-gradient from="#505050" to="#808080" angle=45 relative-to="workspace-view" in="srgb-linear"
```

        inactive-color "#505050"

        // active-gradient from="#ffbb66" to="#ffc880" angle=45 relative-to="workspace-view"

>         // inactive-gradient from="#505050" to="#808080" angle=45 relative-to="workspace-view" gradient-type="linear"

Reviewer: I think it would make sense for this to instead be spelled like `in="srgb"`, `in="srgb-linear"`, `in="oklch shorter hue"`, mirroring [the CSS syntax](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-color-4/#color-interpolation-method).

>         // inactive-gradient from="#505050" to="#808080" angle=45 relative-to="workspace-view" gradient-type="linear"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // inactive-gradient from="#505050" to="#808080" angle=45 relative-to="workspace-view" in="srgb-linear"
```

Similarly to colors, you can set `active-gradient` and `inactive-gradient`, which will take precedence.

> Gradients can be rendered the same as CSS [`linear-gradient(angle, from, to)`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/gradient/linear-gradient).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradients are rendered the same as CSS [`linear-gradient(angle, from, to)`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/gradient/linear-gradient).
```
They will still be rendered the same as CSS linear-gradient, just if you set the `in`.

}
```

> Gradients can be rendered with different kinds of color interpolation, this doesen't mean that the arguments the gradient takes

Reviewer: Markdown files put newline after every sentence and not in other places. For lists use proper markdown lists.
